---
layout: post
title:  "情景作文切片"
categories: 英语作文
tags: English
author: David
---

* content
{:toc}


# 情景作文切片

## 讨论（社会现象/校园活动）  

### 1. 背景  

#### 社会  

##### The phenomenon that ······was very common.  

##### The phenomenon that ······drew our attention.  

##### The phenomenon that ······provoked a discussion among us.  

#### 校园  

##### The ··· day was coming/drawing near/approaching/around corner.  

#### 目的  

##### In order to solve/discuss the problem/issue of···  

##### To figure out the best solution,  

##### With the intention of making contributions to···  

#### 举办  

##### be divided/separated into  

##### A heated discussion/A class meeting/A seminar about···was held.  

##### We had a heated discussion to brainstorm the ways of doing sth  

### 2. 讨论  

#### 总起  

##### Many ideas stormed into every inch of our minds.  

##### Many ideas flooded into my mind.  

##### Many ideas came out from our minds, someone suggested that······, 
someone suggested that···, and someone suggested that······.  

##### Some people suggested that we should do sth, while others proposed to do sth.  

##### My classmates came up with many ideas, such as doing sth,
doing sth and doing sth.  

#### 提议  

##### sb. suggested / advised / proposed that…  

##### sb. put forward an idea that…  

##### sb. offered a proposal that…  

### 3. 结论  

#### Because we were eager to do ······, ······was our best choice.  

#### As ······ , we all agreed that it would be the best choice.  

#### As many of us were eager to ······, ······ was our final choice.  

#### the latter one was our final option.  

### 4. 准备  

#### We began to make preparations for the activity.  

#### After putting forward kinds of effective solutions, we began to make preparations 
for the afternoon’s activity.  

#### After a heated discussion, we finally came up with some effective solutions and we tried to put them into practice.  

## 到达（主人/客人）  

### 1. 衔接  

#### 时间  

##### After a three­hour flight/ride/trip/journey,  

### 2. 到  

#### We finally arrived at sp. where we were warmly welcomed by sb.  

#### Upon our arrival, they organized a warm welcome to us.  

#### We were given a warm welcome as soon as we arrived at…  

### 3. 地点  

#### at the airport  

#### at the train station  

#### at bus station  

#### at the gate of  

#### at the entrance to  

### 4. 交流  

#### 介绍  

##### introduce myself  

##### present a brief introduction of myself  

#### 挥手  

##### wave hands  

#### 迎接  

##### greet sb.  

#### 握手  

##### reach out one's hand for a handshake  

##### extend one's hand for a handshake  

### 5. 物品  

#### 行李  

##### luggage  

##### baggage  

##### belongings  

##### suitcase  

#### 帮助  

##### help/assist sb. with the luggage  

### 6. 感受  

#### Accompanied by the guide, we entered the ···in high spirits.  

#### Smelling the fresh air of the suburb, a sense of joy/excitement settled over/washed over/surged through us.  

#### Thinking of I was going to experience the authentic···, I was full of joy and expectations with a bright smile.  

#### arrangement/schedule/itinerary  

## 宣传（看宣传/做宣传）  

### 看宣传  

#### 1. 看到  

##### On the wall was a poster/notice/advertisement/banner/sign/ which attracted my
attention,  

#### 2. 内容  

##### ,saying/reading that there would be a ··· held on +日期 at + 地点  

#### 3. 心情  

##### Since I was interested in ···, a sense of excitement rose from the bottom of my heart.  

##### （社会）Feeling it my duty to fulfill ···, I···  

### 做宣传  

#### 1. 目的  

##### In order to propagate/encourage/motivate/remind/inspire/fulfill/ this activity effectively,
we…  

##### With the intention of calling on people raise the awareness of sth  

#### 2. 动作  

##### give out leaflets  

##### paste posters  

##### hang up banners  

#### 3. 效果  

##### we drew much attention from passers­by/pedestrians.  

##### Hopefully, our promotional action would make a difference.  

#### 4. 心情  

##### Although we were tired, a sense of pride rose from the bottom of our heart.  

##### Exhausted as we were, the work we had done paid off.  

## 表演（表演者/观众）  

### 1. 衔接  

#### 时间  

##### The competition/performance was approaching/drawing near/around corner/coming.  

##### Then came the big day/special day/show time.  

#### 地点  

##### The lecture hall, where the show was held, was packed with audience.  

##### Seated in the front row, we began to enjoy/watch the performance.  

### 2. 表演  

#### 服装、舞台、表演、对白、情节、歌声、幕布  

#### Dressed in the delicate costumes, we danced to the music as perfectly as we practiced/
rehearsed before.  

#### Dressed in the hand­made costumes, we came up on stage and began to act against
the delicately designed stage backdrop.  

### 3. 心理  

#### 回忆  

##### My thoughts ran into memories of passing days that we had spent together.  

##### The beautiful songs / dance brought back the unforgettable moments that we spent
together.  

##### The beautiful songs / dance reminded me of the unforgettable moments that we spent
together.  

#### 心情  

##### A sense of excitement/tension rose from the bottom of my heart, for this was my first
time to perform a drama in front of so many audience.  

#### 效果  

##### Owing to our great passion and the earnest preparation, we devoted ourselves to the
play and performed very well.  

##### It was the first time that we performed a drama in front of so many audiences, yet we
were confident due to the earnest preparation.  

### 4. 反应  

#### 吸引  

##### be immersed in  

##### be lost in  

##### be attracted by  

##### be impressed with  

##### be deeply absorbed in  

##### The audience were deeply absorbed in the brilliant dialogue, the appealing plot and
the outstanding performance.  

#### 鼓掌  

##### We were on our feet in wild applause.  

##### At the end of the performance, wild applause rang out from the audience.  

### 5. 收获  

#### 文化  

##### Through the school anniversary celebration, we not only had a better understanding of
our school, but also enriched our lives. All the people really had a good time and
treasured countless memories.  

#### 学校  

##### This experience not only left the unforgettable moment to us, but also gave us a
golden chance to have a better understanding of the traditional culture.  

## 劳动  

### 1. 开始  

#### As soon as we arrived there， we began a thorough cleaning.  

#### Upon arrival, we devoted ourselves to the thorough cleaning.  

#### got down to work  

### 2. 劳动  

#### Someone swept ```, someone mopped the``` and someone wiped the````.  

#### a thorough cleaning  

#### sweep-­swept-­swept  

#### mop­-mopped­-mopped  

#### wipe  

#### dust  

#### polish sports facilities  

#### clear the snow off the street  

#### pick up the litter  

#### decorate the classroom  

#### hang the flags  

#### throw away the rubbish  

#### make the bed  

#### cut the corn off  

#### pile up  

#### load the trucks with baskets of apples  

### 3. 成果  

#### With our joint efforts, we finally finished our cleaning.  

#### Owing to our diligent work, everything was dust­free.  

#### ,everything in our community seemed to be neat and tidy  

#### take on a new look  

### 4. 心情  

#### Though tired, we would never forget this meaningful and joyful day.  

#### Exhausted as we were, we would never forget this meaningful and joyful day.  

#### Looking at the clean…, we felt happy as all of our work paid off.  

#### Looking at the dust­free classroom, a sense of pride/achievement rose from the
bottom of my heart.  

## 获奖  

### 1. 得奖  

#### Due to my excellent performance in the competition, I finally got the first prize, which
was really beyond my expectation.  

#### Considering the unexceptionable performance in the competition, we were awarded
the first prize, which greatly inspired our confidence.  

#### I was delighted to be praised for…  

#### In the end, when … announced the winners, the whole place burst out with clapping
and cheering.  

### 2. 感谢  

#### I owed it all to my teacher.  

#### I owed it all to my teacher.  

#### Had the teacher not assisted me, I wouldn’t have got such a good result.  

#### When I was standing excitedly on the stage, pictures of my classmates helping me
flashed into my mind. The victory and honor belonged to all of us.  

### 3. 感慨  

#### Through the contest, I came to realize a truth: the harder you work the luckier you’ll be.  

#### During the applause of the audience, a feeling flashed into my mind: Genius is nothing
but labor and diligence.  

## 讲解(做讲解/听讲解）  

### 1. 目的  

#### In order to introduce ···，a speech about ··· was delivered by ···  

#### With the intention of learning sth, we headed for a lecture delivered by···  

#### get closer to  

#### have a better understanding of  

#### have a deeper insight of  

#### have a clearer picture of  

### 2. 讲解  

#### During the speech, the teacher introduced us various knowledge about ```.  

#### commentator  

#### narrator  

#### presented  

#### demonstrated  

#### illustrated  

#### showed  

### 3. 反应  

#### 吸引  

##### be impressed by  

##### be absorbed in  

#### 认真听  

##### listened to sb attentively  

#### 记笔记  

##### put down every detail that we interested  

##### took notes  

#### 鼓掌  

##### A wild applause rang out from the audience.  

##### A wild applause rang out from the audience.  

### 4. 收获  

#### Thanks to this opportunity, I had a deeper insight of it.  

#### learn a lot about  

#### gain knowledge  

#### have a better understanding of  

#### have a clearer picture of  

## 风景  

### 自然风景  

#### 1. 出现  

##### we were attracted by the charming scenery .  

##### came into my sight  

##### We went to···where···  

##### caught one's eyes  

#### 2. 拍照  

##### we can't help waiting to take pictures.  

#### 3. 描述  

##### Amazed by the beautiful scenery bathed in the sunshine  

##### Threads of light were glowing beautifully, dyeing the sky red and orange.  

##### Our eyes drifted as the sun sank beneath the horizon.  

#### 4. 心情  

##### we were attracted by the charming scenery .  

##### be amazed by  

##### be impressed by

##### be immersed in  

##### be soaked in  

##### be lost in  

### 人文风景  

#### 地点  

##### 故宫  

###### the Forbidden City  

###### the Palace Museum

##### 颐和园  

###### the Summer Palace  

##### 圆明园  

###### the Old Summer Palace  

##### 天坛  

###### the Temple of Heaven  

##### 地坛  

###### the Temple of Earth  

##### 雍和宫  

###### the Yonghegong Lama Temple  

#### 总述  

##### breathtaking  

##### stunning  

##### charming  

##### landmark building  

##### traditional Chineses architecture  

##### enjoys a worldwide popularity  

##### architectural style  

##### most­-visited architecture  

##### the most appealing attraction  

##### most famous scenery spot  

##### most well­-preserved royal park  

##### the most­-visited tourist destination  

##### the most significant historic spot of China  

##### one of the most amazing wonders  

#### 细节  

##### architectural grandeur  

##### , housing various priceless art treasures  

##### solemnity, harmony and holiness  

##### be served as the imperial palace for generations of emperors  

##### owing to its architectural and historical significance  

##### outstanding aesthetic value  

##### make you feel blend in the Beijing style  

##### witnesses the fusion between old and new  

##### manages to merge tradition and modernity perfectly  

##### embody a traditional elegant style  

## 拍照  

## 夸奖  
